[homekit] Implement IrrigationSystem Accessory (#14209)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.io.homekit/README.md

|                      |                             | Volume                       | Dimmer, Number                | Current volume. min/max/step can configured at item level, e.g. minValue=10.5, maxValue=50, step=2] |
|                      |                             | VolumeSelector               | Dimmer, String                | If linked do a dimmer item, will send INCREASE/DECREASE commands. If linked to a string item, will send INCREMENT and DECREMENT. |
|                      |                             | VolumeControlType            | String                        | The type of control available. This will default to infer based on what other items are linked. NONE = status only, no control; RELATIVE = INCREMENT/DECREMENT only, no status; RELATIVE_WITH_CURRENT = INCREMENT/DECREMENT only with status; ABSOLUTE = direct status and control. Can also be configured via metadata, e.g. [VolumeControlType="ABSOLUTE"]. |

> | IrrigationSystem     |                             |                              |                               | An accessory the represents multiple water valves and accomodates a programmed scheduled. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IrrigationSystem     |                             |                              |                               | An accessory that represents multiple water valves and accommodates a programmed scheduled. |
```

|                      | Active                      |                              | Switch                        | If the irrigation system as a whole is enabled. This must be ON if any of the valves are also enabled. |
|                      | InUseStatus                 |                              | Switch                        | If the irrigation system as a whole is running. This must be ON if any of the valves are ON. |

> |                      | ProgramMode                 |                              | String                        | The current program mode of the irrigation system. possible values (NO_SCHEDULED - no programs scheduled, SCHEDULED - program scheduled, SCHEDULED_MANUAL - program scheduled, currently overriden to manual mode). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                      | ProgramMode                 |                              | String                        | The current program mode of the irrigation system. Possible values (NO_SCHEDULED - no programs scheduled, SCHEDULED - program scheduled, SCHEDULED_MANUAL - program scheduled, currently overriden to manual mode). |
```
